{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13700\viewh8480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 About me: \
\
I\'92m a Full Stack developer located in the Greater Boston area. I experience building applications in JavaScript that utilize programs such as Node, React, and MySQL while working with a RESTful API. I am also skilled in writing Python scripts and automating tasks using a variety of Python modules. I have enjoy creating applications from the ground up and finding way to enhance their functionality. If you are looking for a developer join your team I would love to hear from you! \
\
History:\
\
I decided to transition fields from dog training to the web development world in 2021. During my time developing a diverse skill set, I have gained strong passion for creating new and innovative applications that enhance the functionality of everyday tasks. I vast lot of my skills from dog training have been transferable to the coding world. The amount of patiences, tenacity, and thinking on my feet that I used will working with dogs has helped to create out-of-the-box ideas when resolving problems in my code.  My first company based project was for Open Avenues Foundation, who tasked my team and I in developing a customer relation management system. During the development process I discovered my strength and strong drive for perfection. Feel free to view the end result here <link />}